packages/component-utils/markdown/component-utils.abstractwchpageservice.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@acoustic-content-sdk/component-utils](./component-utils.md) &gt; [AbstractWchPageService](./component-utils.abstractwchpageservice.md)

## AbstractWchPageService class

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class AbstractWchPageService implements WchPageService 
```

## Constructors

|  Constructor | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [(constructor)(aDeliveryPageResolver, aUrlConfig$, aLogSvc)](./component-utils.abstractwchpageservice._constructor_.md) |  | Constructs a new instance of the <code>AbstractWchPageService</code> class |

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [getRenderingContextByPath](./component-utils.abstractwchpageservice.getrenderingcontextbypath.md) |  | <code>(aPath: string) =&gt; Observable&lt;RenderingContextV2 &#124; null &#124; undefined&gt;</code> | Resolves the rendering context given the path |

Commit message:

add support for error pages

packages/component-utils/markdown/component-utils.abstractwchpageservice.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@acoustic-content-sdk/component-utils](./component-utils.md) &gt; [AbstractWchPageService](./component-utils.abstractwchpageservice.md)

## AbstractWchPageService class

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class AbstractWchPageService implements WchPageService 
```

## Constructors

|  Constructor | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [(constructor)(aDeliveryPageResolver, aUrlConfig$, aLogSvc)](./component-utils.abstractwchpageservice._constructor_.md) |  | Constructs a new instance of the <code>AbstractWchPageService</code> class |

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [getErrorRenderingContext](./component-utils.abstractwchpageservice.geterrorrenderingcontext.md) |  | <code>() =&gt; Observable&lt;RenderingContextV2 &#124; null &#124; undefined&gt;</code> | Resolves the rendering context for the error page |
|  [getRenderingContextByPath](./component-utils.abstractwchpageservice.getrenderingcontextbypath.md) |  | <code>(aPath: string) =&gt; Observable&lt;RenderingContextV2 &#124; null &#124; undefined&gt;</code> | Resolves the rendering context given the path |
